Add migrate to tiers troubleshooting doc (#86738)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/troubleshooting/data/data-tiers-mixed-with-node-attr.asciidoc

[[troubleshoot-migrate-to-tiers]]
== Indices mix index allocation filters with data tiers node roles to move through data tiers

> Elasticsearch standardised the implementation of https://www.elastic.co/blog/elasticsearch-data-lifecycle-management-with-data-tiers[hot-warm-cold architectures]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elasticsearch standardized the implementation of https://www.elastic.co/blog/elasticsearch-data-lifecycle-management-with-data-tiers[hot-warm-cold architectures]
```

to <<data-tiers, data tiers>> in version 7.10.
Some indices and deployments might have not fully transitioned to <<data-tiers, data tiers>>

> and mix the new way of implemetning the hot-warm-cold architecture with the 
> <<shard-allocation-filtering, legacy way>> based on node attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and mix the new way of implementing the hot-warm-cold architecture with 
<<shard-allocation-filtering, legacy>> based node attributes.
```
